{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Last Lecture video made me feel inspired to pursue the things that I wanted to do when I was a child.\'a0 It was interesting to see someone list out his uninhibited childhood dreams and talk about how he ended up achieving all of them in some way.\'a0 It makes me remember that as humans we are capable of just about anything we can possibly think of.\'a0 Even if it\'92s difficult to achieve and may take a long time, if we are persistent we can accomplish any dream we can think of.\
This man\'92s lecture made me think about how often we only pursue dreams when we have a timeline -- and he\'92s had a shortened timeline due to cancer.\'a0 It makes me think that I haven\'92t pursued all of my dreams yet because it feels like I have all the time in the world, no matter how untrue that actually is.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 I enjoyed when Randy was talking about being earnest and thinking about others.\'a0 It reminds me that I need to continue to network, now that I\'92m back in school, as my most authentic self, because knowing the right people has been a huge aspect of my career so far.\'a0 The talk also made me realize that I need to create relationships where I can get honest feedback from folks, so that I can truly better myself and my work -- and give feedback in return.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 	Overall I thought his lecture was very sweet, inspiring, and wholesome.\'a0 It gets me excited to work on the projects I want to work on and makes it feel like anything is possible.
\f1\fs24 \
}